README.md を改善 / その他 (#1142)
traPtitech/traQ: docs/deployment.md

    - You can use `externalAuth.github.allowedOrganizations` to only allow signup of your GitHub organization members.
    - Otherwise, an admin or external app have to manually set accounts up via `POST /api/v3/users`.
- For the maximum user experience, try to configure Elasticsearch, FCM, and Skyway to enable message search, notification, and Qall feature, respectively.

The followings are example configurations.

<details>

<summary>Example configuration</summary>

```yaml
# Server origin.
origin: example.com
# Server port.
port: 3000

# (optional) Whether users are allowed to register accounts by themselves.
# Default: false
#
# If you want to either: 
# - manually register accounts
# - use external authentication
# then set this to false.
allowSignUp: true

accessLog:
  # (optional) HTTP access logs in stdout. Default: true
  enabled: true

# (optional) Imaging settings
imaging:
  # (optional) Maximum number of pixels traQ is allowed to handle.
  # Higher number means more memory requirement.
  maxPixels: 4096000 # 2560x1600
  # (optional) Maximum imaging concurrency.
  # Higher number means more CPU / memory requirement.

>   concurrency: 1

Reviewer: 何に使われるかわからないと重要かどうか分からなさそうだから、使用例を書いてあげたほうが良さそう。
今はサムネイルの生成だけだっけ？

Author: イメージのリサイズです

アップロード画像のサムネ生成や、プロフィール画像(png, gif)のリサイズ

    restart: always
    ports:
      - "3000:3000"
    depends_on:
      - db
      - es
    volumes:
      - ./config.yml:/app/config.yml
      - app-storage:/app/storage

  frontend:
    image: ghcr.io/traptitech/traq-ui:latest
    container_name: traq-frontend
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "8000:80"

  widget:
    image: ghcr.io/traptitech/traq-widget:latest
    container_name: traq-widget
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "8001:80"

  db:
    image: mariadb:10.0.19
    container_name: traq-db
    restart: always
    environment:
      MYSQL_USER: traq
      MYSQL_PASSWORD: password
      MYSQL_DATABASE: traq
    command: mysqld --character-set-server=utf8 --collation-server=utf8_general_ci
    expose:
      - "3306"
    volumes:
      - db:/var/lib/mysql

  es:
    image: ghcr.io/traptitech/es-with-sudachi:7.10.2-2.1.1-SNAPSHOT
    restart: always
    environment:
      - discovery.type=single-node
    ports:
      - "9200:9200"
    volumes:
      - ./es_jvm.options:/usr/share/elasticsearch/config/jvm.options.d/es_jvm.options
      - es:/usr/share/elasticsearch/data

volumes:
  app-storage:
  db:
  es:
```

`./Caddyfile`
```
example.com {
    handle /api/* {

>         reverse_proxy localhost:3000
>     }
>     handle /widget {
>         uri strip_prefix /widget
>         reverse_proxy localhost:8001
>     }
>     handle /widget/* {
>         uri strip_prefix /widget
>         reverse_proxy localhost:8001
>     }
>     handle {
>         reverse_proxy localhost:8000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        reverse_proxy backend:3000
    }
    handle /widget {
        uri strip_prefix /widget
        reverse_proxy widget:8001
    }
    handle /widget/* {
        uri strip_prefix /widget
        reverse_proxy widget:8001
    }
    handle {
        reverse_proxy frontend:8000
```
docker内でcaddy起動するならたぶんこうかな

Author: :koreni_natteru: :tasukaru:

    # Credential file
    file: /keys/gcp-service-account.json
  stackdriver:
    profiler:
      # Whether to use Stackdriver Profiler or not.
      enabled: true

# Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) settings.
# You must set this to enable the notification feature.
firebase:
  serviceAccount:
    # Credential file
    file: /keys/firebase-service-account.json

# (optional) OAuth2 settings.
oauth2:
  # Whether to allow refresh tokens or not. Default: false
  isRefreshEnabled: true
  # Access token expiration time in seconds. Default: 31536000 (1 year)
  accessTokenExp: 31536000 # 1 year

# Skyway settings.
# You must set this to enable the call ('Qall') feature.
skyway:
  # Skyway secret key.
  secretKey: secretKey

# (optional) JWT settings.
# Used to issue QR codes to authenticate user.
jwt:
  keys:
    private: /keys/jwt.pem

# External authentication settings.
# Set one or more of the following OAuth2 providers to allow signup and/or login via external accounts.
externalAuth:
  github:
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
    # (optional) Require user to be a member of at least one of the following organizations.
    allowedOrganizations:

>       - traPtitech

Reviewer 2: > OAuthでのログインの、コールバックURLに何を設定すればよいとかとか

ここに`/auth/github`にURL指定する必要あるみたいな文あったほうがよさそう(ほかのoauthも)

    allowedOrganizations:
      - traPtitech
  google:
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
  traq:
    origin: origin # Origin of the other traQ instance
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
  oidc:
    issuer: issuer
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
    scopes:
      - scope
```

</details>

Minimal configuration

```yaml
origin: example.com
port: 3000
allowSignUp: true

mariadb:
  host: db
  port: 3306
  username: traq
  password: password
  database: traq

es:
  url: http://es:9200

storage:
  type: local
  local:
    dir: /app/storage

firebase:
  serviceAccount:
    file: /keys/firebase-service-account.json

skyway:
  secretKey: secretKey
```

## Building traQ_S-UI (optional)

Once you have configured the traQ itself, build the [traQ_S-UI](https://github.com/traPtitech/traQ_S-UI) according to your needs.

If you have configured at least one of FCM and Skyway, you will need to build the UI image yourself:

1. Clone [traQ_S-UI](https://github.com/traPtitech/traQ_S-UI).

> 2. Set up node (v14.16.1), and run `npm ci`.

Reviewer 2: これはしなくても大丈夫 (docker内にnode入ってるので)

    allowedOrganizations:
      - traPtitech
  google:
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
  traq:
    origin: origin # Origin of the other traQ instance
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
  oidc:
    issuer: issuer
    clientId: clientId
    clientSecret: clientSecret
    allowSignUp: true
    scopes:
      - scope
```

</details>

Minimal configuration (with ES, no FCM, and no Skyway)

```yaml
origin: https://example.com
port: 3000
allowSignUp: true

mariadb:
  host: db
  port: 3306
  username: traq
  password: password
  database: traq

es:
  url: http://es:9200

storage:
  type: local
  local:
    dir: /app/storage
```

## Building traQ_S-UI (optional)

Once you have configured traQ, build [traQ_S-UI](https://github.com/traPtitech/traQ_S-UI) according to your needs.

If you have configured at least one of FCM and Skyway, you will need to build traQ_S-UI image:

1. Clone [traQ_S-UI](https://github.com/traPtitech/traQ_S-UI).
2. Edit [src/config.ts](https://github.com/traPtitech/traQ_S-UI/blob/master/src/config.ts).
3. Build the image: `docker build -t ghcr.io/traptitech/traq-ui:latest .`

> ## Server settings
> 
> Configure the rest of the required components.
> 
> The following is an example `docker-compose.yaml` file, configured for the above minimal `config.yml` file.
> 

Reviewer: この流れで`Server settings`が来ると、どういう設定か読まないとわからなさそうだから、最初にもう少し言葉で書いてあげると良さそう。
```suggestion
## Using `docker-compose`

Here is a `docker-compose.yaml` example of how to run the application with minimal middleware MariaDB, and Elasticsearch, and publish it using Caddy.

```
英語はあってるかわからん

Reviewer: ディレクトリ分けて、そこで`docker-compose up -d`すれば動くようにしてあげるのはどうですか

Author: 実際にファイルを置いておくということなら、どうしようなあってなってる

親切かもしれないけど、実際に読んでもらわないといけないことも多いから要らないかなあという気持ちもある

実際の運用方法とかをWikiにもっと整理できると嬉しいかも

Reviewer: 運用ガイドとかがwikiにあると嬉しいはそうだね。
運用するってなったらきちんと読まないといけないのはその通りなんだけど、ファイルを置いてあげるのは、とりあえず動かしてみるかって時のハードルを下げる目的の方がメインかな。

Author: とりあえず動かしてみる -> 開発環境でできる...？

あとはいくつもファイルを分散させたりすると逆に読みにくくなりそう
基本的な本番環境の動かし方は`/doc/deployment.md`でとりあえず完結してると良いかなと思ってた

Reviewer: :kani:
